Added backend option for VI sample trace (#3557)
pymc-devs/pymc: RELEASE-NOTES.md

- Sequential Monte Carlo - Approximate Bayesian Computation step method is now available. The implementation is in an experimental stage and will be further improved.
- Added `Matern12` covariance function for Gaussian processes. This is the Matern kernel with nu=1/2.
- Progressbar reports number of divergences in real time, when available [#3547](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3547).

> - Sampling from variational approximation now allows for alternative trace backends [#3557].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sampling from variational approximation now allows for alternative trace backends ([issue 3550](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/issues/3550))
```
